Fly
I didn't know we had this!
You can do it.
Wait, what is this?! This is getting out of hand!
We're going to win in the first round!
Yessir!
Morning.
Listen, it's finally time for...
Don't speak!
Pardon?
I'll bet you're about to say something sentimental.
Like, "it's finally time for our final interhigh..."
or other such nonsense.
It's finally time for our final interhigh.
Yeah.
We've been through a lot together.
That kind of conversation is like
marking us for death, so no way!
Oh, come on! Why not?!
What about yesterday? I wanted to boost our morale
by getting all us third-years together for a quiet chat under the stars to mentally prepare for our final interhigh.
But you guys just up and left.
We got a 120% boost in morale thanks to Shimizu's surprise.
Yeah, well...
Yeah, true, but...
Miyagi Prefectural Karasuno Senior High School
Today we have to win in the first and second round to make it to day two.
I don't want to talk like it's all over just yet.
We'll win every match put in front of us!
That's all you need to think about!
Right.
Because we're counting on you, ace.
Sure.
Daichi is kind of scary when he's being nice.
Maybe it'll rain.
Would you prefer me to rake you over the coals instead?
Good morning!
Right! We'll open up the clubroom now!
Let's go.
Right!
Haikyuu !!
I take two deep breaths and calm my heart
I take a step with my left foot to break the silence
Get your nervousness in check and reign in your mind
You have it in you
You can cast out the demons
Fate? Random chance? Questions? Answers? It's all one
This is the sign
Oh, yeah!
The world is opening to us
We pass the door,
look straight ahead, and never look back
Oh, yeah!
I put my hand to my chest
I can feel the proof that I exist
It is my beating heart
Episode Fifteen:
We're Back
I wonder what the Karasuno team is like.
I hope they aren't too tall.
Don't worry. They say that they haven't been that hot recently.
Shiratorizawa will take the whole thing as usual.
No, Aoba Jousai seems to be a threat this year.
They're a cut above the rest now that Oikawa is a third-year.
And I hear the Seijou first-years are improving fast.
But can they win in a block with Date Tech?
I'm glad we aren't in Block A.
Let's see, Block A has...
Karasuno
Tori? Torino?
Don't you mean Karasuno?
Weren't they pretty good a few years back?
Yeah, maybe a few years ago.
Now they've earned themselves a totally lame nickname.
Really? What is it?
If I remember correctly, "the fallen champs."
"The clipped crows."
Hey, be careful!
Huh?
Can't fly? What's that again? Hmm?
Come on, we're going!
I'm so sorry.
That's okay.
Stop picking fights.
Yes, sir.
They look so dark.
One of them doesn't look like he belongs in high school.
I-Is that who I think it is?!
It's Azumane of Karasuno!
What? Who's he?
You mean you don't know?!
I heard he got his underlings to
beat up the guys from North High.
Come on, join in.
It's a fight! I have to call the police!
And he tried to sell a questionable substance on the street.
50,000 works for me.
You dropped your handkerchief.
I'm sorry!
And he got held back five years.
What?! Then he's an adult!
There, there. It's just the norm.
That's the image you project.
All I wanted...
was to look a little wild on the outside, that's all!
There, y'see? Nobody wild would go around saying that.
What's wrong with that? Who cares what you look like?
This is what we call "wild."
Hey, look at that.
It looks like the banner did its job!
Do you think so?
It was far more effective than my silly poem.
She's cute!
Go talk to her.
Should I? Should I really?
Knock that off.
Kiyoko...
...smacked me!
Say, you see the little guy?
That's gotta be Nishinoya from Chidoriyama.
He won the award for best libero in junior high.
Now I have the energy for another day!
What, he did?
That's not all.
Look at him over there.
He's that prodigy setter they're talking about.
Kitagawa First's King of the Court!
Huh?
Why Karasuno?
Beats me.
But he had a really bad rep in junior high.
Okay, then who's he?
Is the little guy as impressive as the rest of them?
Whoa!
Actually, I...
have no idea.
Ooh! Look at all the people!
The
Top
I'm the same!
I'm also aiming for the top! I won't be beaten!
Oh.
You idiot! What're you doing?!
I'm so sorry.
That's okay.
This gymnasium is huge!
I can smell the Air Salonpas!
What're you talking about?
This smell makes a tournament feel real.
I get you, bro!
They're here!
Yikes, they're huge!
Date Tech
It's Date Tech!
No eyebrows!
Who do you think you are?
Hold it, hold it, hold it.
Stop that!
I'm so sorry!
That's okay.
Hey, Futakuchi. Give me a hand.
Coming!
I'm so sorry. The dude has a habit of singling out a team's ace.
So I'd like you to get good and ready...
to lose again.
You guys are way too rude!
Why do you always do that?!
Well, that was a little scary.
Yeah.
I'm amazed you kept looking him in the eye.
Th-That was nerve-wracking.
Why are you such a wimp off the court?
Noya, sugarcoat it!
Sawamura.
Long time no see.
Hey, Ikejiri!
Go on ahead without me, guys.
Yessir.
It's really been a long time.
You look bigger somehow.
Really? I'm the same height as I was before.
That's not what I meant.
I'm bigger sideways?!
Not that.
His build has changed, his intensity has changed, and I'll bet his training schedule has changed too.
I saw you at the entrance a second ago,
but you were so intimidating, I couldn't say anything.
What the heck?
Yeah, we do have a few outwardly intimidating guys in our crew.
No, they look really tough.
And so do you.
You think?
Anyway, we're what you call a small-time team.
Ikejiri?
I take that back!
It doesn't matter if we're small time or big time, or former big time!
If a net stands between us, we'll wipe the floor with you!
I'm getting nervous.
Yeah.
Was it me, or were our opponent's spikes really amazing at practice?
They made it to the round of 8 last year.
I hope we don't get matched against them!
Maybe we should've been more diligent about morning practice.
Even if you find yourself facing an unbeatably tough opponent,
you can't win unless you try.
Looking back at it now, we had more than enough time.
We could've practiced more than we did.
Maybe we should've given it more priority.
Yui, it's too late.
But none of that matters anymore!
The starting whistle blows in 45 minutes.
All we can do now is do a proper warmup and
play to the best of our ability until the very end!
After that...
we need to win!
Everyone gather 'round!
Huddle up!
C'mon, that means you too!
What?
Karasuno, fight!
Yeah!
Hey, don't tell me your stomach is hurting again.
I-I'm quivering in ancipation!
Excuse me?!
I think he's "quivering in anticipation."
Nah. He's just quivering, period.
I get it! The sight of Date Tech freaked you out!
Of course it did—I mean didn't—I mean did!
Make up your mind!
Shit. He's being overwhelmed again.
We've got to do something quick,
or it'll be the match against Seijou all over again.
You're just as wimpy, but you
don't look that nervous, Asahi.
Wimpy?
There's a trick to get rid of the jitters.
Recall an experience that scared the living daylights out of you.
The scarier the better.
It'll remind you that there are scarier things out there, so you can handle this.
Something that scared the living daylights out of me?
Hinata?
Hey, I think I'm okay now.
Hinata, what's wrong?!
If you had a coping strategy, why did you get so bummed the last time we took on Date Tech?
Noya, stop pouring salt and pepper into his wounds like that.
I had no time to daydream like that.
It takes time and concentration and other conditions to daydream!
Too much work.
Okay, are you ready?
It's our first match! We need to warm up.
Yes, sir!
Finally, an official match!
Haikyuu !!
Aspire to Go Forward
It's so spacious!
It's so huge!
Hey, no freaking out.
You're the freak.
You're the only freak here!
D-Don't get so mad at me!
Fly
All righty, then! Let's start practice!
Yessir!
We need another look at them.
I want to see the Karasuno first-year duo's fast attack.
Yes, sir.
It's Aoba Jousai.
They're tall.
They really do look tough.
The one who's most central to their team is their setter...
Hey, I don't see him.
Where is Oikawa?
W-Well...
Come on, out with it.
He's been held up outside by girls from other schools.
He's amazing!
He's so cool!
Iwaizumi.
Yes, sir.
Hey, these are good! Did you really make them yourself?
Yes! I stayed up late last night to make them!
Wow, that's awesome! Thanks!
It was nothing, really!
Oikawa, can I please take a photo with you?
What, a photo? But of course!
Oikawa?
Ow! I've never been hit before, even by my coach!
Sorry, we'll take that photo another time.
Aw...
Hey! It's turnip head!
What's a "turnip head"?
You are. Who else could it be?
Wha?
And...
Yoo-hoo!
Tobio and Small Fry.
Having fun with your deviant combination?
Great King!
Ow!
That hurt, Iwa.
Huh?
You have a libero now.
Gimme another ball!
You didn't when we had our practice match.
They seem to have more big guys now too.
Please pass me another ball!
What's this?
They also have a new instructor, I think.
Hey, we have a limited amount of time, so keep hitting those!
Hinata, pick up your feet!
New players and a new instructor.
How has Karasuno changed?
It's finally happening.
Our team is going to play in this enormous, packed venue.
I think I'm getting nervous just looking at this.
That's precisely why...
we need to do what we can, to the best of our ability.
Yes, sir.
One, two...
I'm going!
Date Tech.
Asahi!
Date Tech seriously worries me too.
I have no intention of losing.
I'm only thinking of winning. That's precisely why...
we need to focus on the opponent in front of us.
Right.
Captains!
Let's have a good match.
Together we can make the flowers of effort bloom
Gather 'round!
Form a line!
Let's have a good match!
Go, go, let's go! Let's go, Date Tech!
The Iron Wall of Date
Now listen! This is the first match of the tournament.
This would make anyone nervous enough to throw off their game!
Our challenge is to shake it off before they do.
We need to start by scoring one point to get into the rhythm!
Yessir!
What I'm about to say is neither flattery nor loyalty.
You're all good.
Karasuno has a good team!
Let's show the entire stadium that
"the clipped crows" can fly once again!
Whoa! Take's brought out the buzzwords!
I'll bet anything they're saying that infamous nickname right now.
"The fallen champs, the clipped crows."
And then we'll say to them...
Observe! The old warhorse, Karasuno, is back!
Yessir!
Was it too poetic?! Did it gross you out?!
It's okay! Don't worry!
What's an old warhorse?
You think I know?
It's not strictly accurate, but it basically implies "We were strong once."
Hey! We're going!
Karasuno, fight!
Yessir!
Calm down and get that first point.
It's okay. The time we spent training won't let us down!
Make your receiving skills count.
Yessir!
What the heck? Is that number ten their middle blocker?
He can't be more than 160 cm.
They have taller guys on the bench.
Their opponent is confused.
Which is only natural.
Who'd put him up for middle blocker where you fight for height?
Is that tiny number ten really a starter?
He isn't a libero.
Those who mock will pay the piper.
Spoken like an expert!
I'll force him into submission next time.
Now, bring it!
Komaki, give us a nice serve!
Asahi!
Got it!
It's our first shot.
Nice receive!
Who do I use?
Who will spook our opponent and boost our morale?
The first shot has to be his!
Yo, heave-ho!
Nice, Tanaka.
Take that!
It's a good start.
Knock it off already!
Karasuno already got a warning!
That was fast. Boy, they're dumb.
It's okay! Let's switch gears and give it back to them!
Be calm and take back that point!
Tanaka, give us a good one!
It's that cueball!
Okay.
Nice receive!
Ikejiri!
Whoa, he dug it out!
That libero has fast reflexes!
Shit, it didn't go back to our setter!
Asahi!
The left wing spiker is coming! Triple up!
We're counting on you, ace!
Wow! That's a grown man for you!
I hear he was held back five years!
For real?! Is that allowed?
Maybe he lies about his age.
Asahi, pull it together!
Whoa, that had some real power to it.
Yes.
Did you witness the power of our left wing spiker?
But we have many more weapons up our sleeves.
Shut up! I know!
Tanaka, do another one of those!
I got it!
You're all good.
Karasuno has a good team!
Let's show the entire stadium...
"the clipped crows" can fly once again!
He's flying.
Observe.
Fly
The old warhorse...
Karasuno, is back!
We run laps convinced that we will all make it
We suffer through the nights for a vision we chose on a whim
If you really want fairness then we'd all look basically the same
We will suffer through more nights for a vision instead of standing still
Our passion burns until the morning and we advance with closed eyes
I haven't forgotten you despite this passion
I run with only my headlight for guidance
No matter what awaits me I will laugh in this body I was born in
Is there someone running with your taillight for guidance?
What you call determination just means bunching up
Is someone going to follow up on all these impressions?
Will vowing to never falter let me laugh again?
Next Episode Preview
We've been waiting for this!
You do not know, so I shall tell you now.
Here in Sendai, Miyagi prefecture, when anyone speaks of Karasuno, the old warhorse...
they mean us!
Next time on Haikyuu!!:
Episode Sixteen:
Winner and Loser
"Winner and Loser."